[Music]
ten keyboard combinations that can make
your life way easier computer users are
usually divided into two groups those
who prefer using their Mouse and those
who'd rather use hotkeys well that
latter group is onto something because
experts have found that you can lose
about 64 hours a year just by clicking
on things you're ready to boost your
productivity and look cool while doing
it then check out these ten quick
keyboard combinations that'll make your
life way easier but first remember to
hit that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life
[Music]
number one redo I think we can all agree
that the undo button or ctrl + Z
keyboard command should make it to the
list of the best things ever created but
computer geniuses didn't stop there they
thought of the opposite yet equally
useful command as well the next time you
need to redo something you accidentally
unbid just press ctrl + y for Windows or
command + y for Mac and continue your
work like it's no big deal
number 2 create a new folder you can
always do it the good old fashioned way
by right clicking your mouse and going
down to create a folder option but why
waste time when you can do the same
thing with literally one command just
press ctrl + Shift + n well on your
desktop or in an explorer window and
your new folder will instantly pop up
ready to be named if you're using a Mac
your shortcut for this will be shift
command + n press them simultaneously
and your new folder will appear in the
finder
[Music]
number three delete files completely how
do you usually delete a file highlight
it and press Delete or pick it up and
drag it to the recycle bin yourself
either way it's still going to the same
place where it'll probably sit for an
eternity until you decide to empty the
recycle bin too if you want to delete
your files completely here and now just
highlight them and press shift and
delete windows will ask you to confirm
your intention to permanently delete the
files and then they'll be gone for mac
users with OS 10 this shortcut will be
option command and delete by the way if
you're using a Mac and still prefer to
drag your files to the trash first you
can make it a bit quicker as well by
removing the confirmation dialog that
usually appears when you're emptying the
trash go to the finder menu select
preferences click the Advanced tab and
uncheck the show warning before emptying
the trash option there you go
number four the emoji keyboard if you
can't imagine sending a message without
a cute winky face or everyone's favorite
laughing crying one then try this trick
out whenever you're on your computer
just press the Windows key plus period
and enjoy the emoji keyboard on your
Windows Device keep in mind that this
little trick will only work if you have
Windows 10 all Mac users on the other
hand should place the cursor in the text
field where they want to insert an emoji
and press command ctrl + spacebar to
gain access to it
[Music]
number 5 minimize all windows we've all
been in the situation where you have so
many windows open then it gets a little
hard to manage
but the real struggle starts when you
need to get to your desktop and minimize
all these countless windows one by one
but not anymore all you have to do is
press the windows logo key + M or option
command + M for mac and voila your path
is now clear
[Music]
number six lock windows minimizing
windows is cool but what if you need to
lock windows itself not a problem
clicking the windows logo key together
with the letter L will be the track to
resume you'll have to enter your Windows
password if you have one Mac users can
enjoy this function too by pressing
control shift and power at the same time
[Music]
number seven
add a new virtual desktop if you usually
keep a lot of apps open at once or
prefer to use your PC for different
types of tasks virtual desktops will be
a lifesaver when it comes to staying
uncluttered and organized to win a new
virtual desktop whenever you need it
press the Windows key along with ctrl +
D if you need to move back and forth
between your desktops press the windows
key with ctrl + right or left arrow and
to close the current virtual desktop for
good that'll be Windows key ctrl + f4
however you'll only have access to all
this convenience if you use Windows 10
now that we've gone through some handy
system shortcuts
let's continue our list with commands
that'll save you time when using Google
Chrome number 8 open Chrome in incognito
mode you probably already know that the
ctrl + n or ctrl + T commands open a new
window and a new tab respectively in
Google Chrome but what if you need
incognito mode well simply press ctrl
shift + n to save yourself some time if
you're on a Mac it'll be command shift
and end for you
[Applause]
number nine open a recently closed tab
don't worry if you've closed an
important tab by mistake Google Chrome
has got you covered all you have to do
is press control shift + T and that tab
will come right back
Chrome actually remembers the last 10
tabs you've closed so each time you use
this command your browser will keep
grabbing from this bank of sorts Mac
users can get access to the same
function by pressing command shift + T
[Music]
number 10 open links in a new tab
without going into that tab huh sounds
complicated I know but let me splain you
know how when you use Google to look
something up you click on a search
result and it opens up and send you
straight to a new tab but when you need
to open more results from your search
you constantly have to go back to that
original page instead of all that time
wasting inconvenience
just hold the ctrl key while clicking
the links you need this simple shortcut
will help you remain on the search page
while opening all the results you need
in separate tabs and this method is
pretty much universal for any link you
click in Google Chrome for Mac users the
go-to shortcut is pressing the command
key while clicking on the different
links
[Music]
but don't go anywhere yet because I've
got a helpful little bonus for you sure
these 10 keyboard shortcuts will save
you so much time but what if it's your
typing skills that are slowing you down
the most well there's an easy solution
for that problem - a typing chart a
typing chart is basically a technique
that can help you increase your typing
speed and avoid any possible mistakes it
all comes down to keeping your fingers
on the home keys for your left hand the
home keys are a s D and F with your
pinky remaining on a and your index
finger on F as for your right hand it'll
be the semicolon key L K and J with your
little finger on the semicolon and your
pointer finger on J if you place your
fingers exactly like that it'll be way
easier for you to reach all the
necessary keys on the board just take a
look at this picture of the typing chart
here the nail color on each finger
corresponds to the color of the keys you
can use with it it's always best to
return each finger to its home key after
pressing any key outside of it you can
use the little raised lines on the F and
J keys to help you find your way back
home without even looking after some
practice and lots of patience you'll see
your typing speed improve and your
productivity double so do you know any
other useful keyboard shortcuts tell us
in the comment section below yeah down
there don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe always stay on the
bright side
[Music]